HYORISTIC INNOVATIONS 

from equation to innovation 

 

OFFER LETTER  

22-Nov-2017 

 
 

 

 

 
 
 

Dear Priya Varshini, 
 
 
Re: Internship Offer 
 

 
Welcome Aboard! 

On behalf of “Hyoristic Innovations” based at Chennai, I am pleased to extend to you this 
offer  of  temporary  employment  as  an  Intern,  reporting  to  ”  Project  Manager  ”.  If  you 
accept  this  offer,  you  will  begin  your  internship  with  the company  on    27th  November 
2017  and  Will  be  expected  to  work  at  least  30  Hrs  per  week  as  Frontend-  Intern  (Full-
Time). 

You will be paid based on the performance you do at work environment. As an intern you 
will be receiving “temporary employment” status. As a temporary employee, you will not 
receive any of the employee benefits that regular company employees receive including, 
but not limited to vacation or sick pay, paid holidays. 

Your internship is expected to  end  on 27th January 2018. However, your internship with 
the  company  is  “at-will,”  which  means  that  either  you  or  the  company  may  terminate 
your  internship  at  any  time,  with  or  without  cause  and  with  or  without  notice.  Your 
period of internship may be extended “at-will” based on your performance. 

During your employment, you may have access to trade secrets and confidential business 
information  belonging  to  the  company.  By  accepting  this  offer  of  employment,  you 
acknowledge  that  you must  keep  all  of  this  information  strictly  confidential,  and  refrain 
from using it for your own purposes or from disclosing it to anyone outside the company. 
In addition,  you  agree  that,  upon  conclusion  of  your  employment,  you will  immediately 
return  to  the  company  all  of  its  property,  equipment,  and  documents,  including 
electronically stored information. 

 

 

 

 

By  accepting  this  offer,  you  agree  that  throughout  your  internship,  you  will  observe  all 
policies and practices governing the conduct of our business and employees, including our 
policies  prohibiting  discrimination  and  harassment.  This  letter  sets  forth  the  complete 
offer we are extending to you, and supersedes and replaces any prior inconsistent 

15C, Ganapathi 1st Street, Avvai Nagar, Thiruvanmiyure, Chennai-600041 

Mobile: +91-8637673710  Mail-id: info@hyoristicin.com Website: www.hyoristicin.com 

 
 
 

 

 

 

 

 

 
 
 
 
 

 

 

 

 

HYORISTIC INNOVATIONS 

from equation to innovation 

 
 
 
 
 
statements or discussions. It may be changed only by a subsequent written  agreement. 
 
 
 
I  hope  that  your  association  with the  company  will  be  successful  and  rewarding. Please 
indicate  your  acceptance  of  this  offer  by  signing  below  and  returning 
it  to 
hr@hyoristicin.com. If you have any questions, please do not hesitate to contact me. 

 

 

Very truly yours, 

 

Mahesh M K S 
Chief Operations 
Hyoristic Innovations Pvt Ltd., 

 

 

I accept employment with the Company on the terms and conditions set out in this letter. 

Candidate Name 

Signature 

Date 

 

15C, Ganapathi 1st Street, Avvai Nagar, Thiruvanmiyure, Chennai-600041 

Mobile: +91-8637673710  Mail-id: info@hyoristicin.com Website: www.hyoristicin.com 

